CASMINST-4684 Remove Manual Wipe Steps (#1878)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/node_management/Add_Remove_Replace_NCNs/Remove_NCN_from_Role.md

> Once the storage node role removal is complete, then proceed to [wipe the drives](#wipe-disks-utility-storage-node).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the storage node role removal is complete, then proceed to [Power Off the Node](#power-off-the-node).
```
